FD 1.17.0: Documentation other than the release notes (#135)
mulesoft/docs-design-center: modules/ROOT/pages/fd-connection-create.adoc

> = Add a Connection to the Configuration of a Connector

Reviewer: I suggest titling the container topic "Adding" and the actual task topic "Add." 
Let's avoid "To <do this>" titles....

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords:

:imagesdir: ../assets/images

A _connection_ is a saved set of information that a running Mule app must use to connect to a specific system by means of a connector. You might create a connection as part of adding a connector to a flow.

.This flowchart shows steps for adding a connector to a Mule-app project. Creating a connection can be included in those steps.
image::fd-flowchart-configuration.png[Flowchart about adding a connector to a Mule-app project]

<1> When you add a connector to a flow, you create a _configuration_, which is a set of information that includes a connection. If a configuration exists that you can use, then you can simply select it. However, if no configuration exists yet for the connector, or if no existing configuration fits your use case, then you must create a configuration.
<2> Part of creating a configuration is specifying which connection the connector must use to connect to a system when your Mule app is running.

> <3> When the dialog for creating a configuration is opened, it presents a list of connections, if any connections already exist for this type of connector. The dialog also enables you to create a connection. For example, if you are adding a Database connector, Flow Designer opens the *Database Configuration* dialog. This dialog presents a list of connections to databases, if any connections already exist for this type of connector. The dialog also enables you to create a connection to a database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> When the dialog for creating a configuration is opened, it presents a list of connections, if any connections already exist for this type of connector. The dialog also enables you to create a connection. For example, if you are adding Database Connector, Flow Designer opens the *Database Configuration* dialog. This dialog presents a list of connections to databases, if any connections already exist for this type of connector. The dialog also enables you to create a connection to a database.
```

> <4> In the procedure explained in the next section, you click the *Add connection* button to create a connection.

Reviewer: As commented earlier, we want to avoid doc self-reference ("next section").
I'm also not sure that illustrating something prior to introducing it in narrative is a good idea.
```suggestion
<4> You can click the *Add connection* button to create a connection.
```

> <5> You return to the configuration dialog for the connector, so that you can specify values for fields in the *Advanced* section, if you need to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<5> You return to the configuration dialog for the connector to specify values for fields in the *Advanced* section, if you need to do so.
```

A part of the configuration dialog that presents options about connections looks like this:

.Part of the *Database Configuration* dialog presents a list of connections to databases and an option for creating a connection to a database.
image::fd-connection-add.png[The locations of the list and the option]

<1> Each existing connection shows roughly when the connection was created and the user ID of the person who created it.

> <2> The *Add connection* option lets you create a connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> The *Add connection* option enables you to create a connection.
```

You can also create a connection if you are editing a configuration or if you are creating an additional configuration for a connector.

.The locations from which you can open the configuration dialog for a connector and add a connection.
image::fd-edit-switch-configs.png[Where to go to add a connection]

<1> When there is at least one configuration for a connector, the top of the connector card looks like this. You can edit the configuration or switch to a different configuration. If you edit the configuration, the configuration dialog is opened and you can create a connection.
<2> If you select the option to switch to a different configuration, the top of the card changes to look like this. You can click *Add* to open the configuration dialog for the connector and create a connection.

> == To Add a Connection to a Configuration of a Connector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Add a Connection to a Configuration of a Connector
```

Reviewer: "Procedure to Add...."?
"Steps to Add...."?

. Click *Add connection* in the configuration dialog for a connector that you have added to a flow.

> . Give the connection a descriptive name.

Reviewer: unique and descriptive?

> . If you want the connection to be available to yourself and others in your business group for use in other projects, select the *Share this connection with my business group* checkbox.

Reviewer: I wonder if we really need the "for use in other projects" part of this repeated sentence?

+
.The *Share this connection with my business group* checkbox is located after the *Connector Name* field.
image::fd-connection-checkbox.png[The location of the *Share this connection with my business group* checkbox]

> . Select the type of connection that you are creating. For help with the fields, see the documentation for the connector that you are adding to your Mule-app project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the type of connection that you are creating. 
For help with the fields, see the documentation for the connector that you are adding to your Mule-app project.
```
GLOBALLY restrict steps and other list items to one sentence max, followed in a separate paragraph of necessary details, if any.

> . Click *Save*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Save*.
Flow Designer returns you to the configuration dialog for the connector. The connection that you added is selected as the connection for the configuration to use.
. Click *Save* to return to the canvas.
```

== Result

> Flow Designer returns you to the configuration dialog for the connector. The connection that you added is selected as the connection for the configuration to use. Click *Save* to return to the canvas.

Reviewer: I would move all this up into the task. Only one sentence here is the result, and we generally assume that the result is as intended (Add).
